typo: adding missing period (#12558)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

> As an example, here's a Zipkin integration
> [before](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/v1.9.5/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples illustrate a Zipkin integration using xDS v2 and xDS v3:
* [xDS v2 configuration](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/v1.9.5/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl)
```

> and [after](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/71d45a34601423abdfc0a64d44c6a55cf88fa2fc/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [xDS v2 configuration](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/71d45a34601423abdfc0a64d44c6a55cf88fa2fc/test/integration/connect/envoy/case-zipkin/service_s2.hcl).
```
I think the larger issue is that it isn't clear what the examples are intended to illustrate.
